1-What are the "Four Freedoms" defined by the Free Software Foundation?
run the program as you wish, for any purpose.
2-How does the GNU Manifesto justify the ethical importance of free software?
emphasazing some points:
argues that software should be free to use, modify, and share.
If you value the ability to use and modify software, you should extend the same freedom to others by sharing software freely.
allows anyone to build upon existing work, accelerating innovation and progress.
 Programmers have a responsibility to contribute to the common good by creating software that respects users' freedoms.
3-What is the difference between "open source" and "free software"?
Free software is developed with the goal of promoting freedom and giving users complete control over the software they use. 
Open-source software is developed with the goal of producing high-quality software that can be used by anyone.

The misinterpetring of copyright is a serious problem, because are a very big gray zone in the copyright, and when you start thinking about it, you can go deeper and deeper and deeper, and the companies never will explain or clarify well the principal meanings and functions of the copyright,
because it will never benefit to the companies, which control all the world in this aspect. 
Per example, the music, if you download some music in a strange and illegal page, Are you really violating the copyright?, I don't think so, or when you buy a book and you make a copy and send to a friend, it really violating the copyright?
And you can continue and continue, because the copyright will never be clarify.
The software libre principles is against the copyright, the software libre principles says that you will never sell or make benefit with software, that you can change whatever you want of the code, optimise by your needs, and always help to the users.
In my point of view, the copyright will been functional as long as the companies specific the function and propose, and for me the propose of copyright is when you make a monetary benefit of sharing things with it.
